Update coworking-organisation chapter with chairing responsibility (#2992)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-organisation.md

  - If there is a task you are struggling to complete, you can invite support from your trusted colleagues through coworking calls.

### Target audience

If you already know the purpose of your coworking calls, you will be able to identify who your target audience is.

For example, if you host your coworking calls for an open source project such as _The Turing Way_, you can expect your current members, past contributors or even new members to the project to participate.
If you are part of a small project, you would expect the same familiar faces in all your coworking calls.

### Organisers and hosts

Many tasks go into organising a coworking call (discussed later).
These tasks can be taken care of by one person like a community manager, project manager, or a volunteer organiser.
However, it is always a good idea to involve more people as co-organisers so that the coworking call still happens even when the main organiser can't join for any reason.
To avoid one person to burden themselves with "not so exciting" organisation issues, you can also decide to rotate the role within the members of your project.

> ### Size of the call

Reviewer: Maybe there is another section that can be added before or after this one about the "Length of the call"?

> - Chat system: If you have a group Slack or Gitter channel, information can be exchanged with everyone, including those who can not join the calls but want to offer suggestions or carry out related tasks asynchronously but in coordination with the group.

Reviewer: Should we keep this Gitter part?

Author: ```suggestion
- Chat system: Information can be exchanged via Slack workspace with everyone, including those who can not join the calls but want to offer suggestions or carry out related tasks asynchronously but in coordination with the group.
```

Author: Good catch. Removed it!

> - sharing timers: few options are [cuckoo.team](https://cuckoo.team/), [vclock](https://vclock.com/timer/) or other web-based timers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sharing Timers: a few options are [cuckoo.team](https://cuckoo.team/), [vclock](https://vclock.com/timer/) or other web-based timers to help keep track of coworking time
```

> - finding a common availability: few options are [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/), [when2meet.com](https://www.when2meet.com/), or other [meeting schedule apps](https://zapier.com/blog/best-meeting-scheduler-apps/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finding common availability: a few options are [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/), [when2meet.com](https://www.when2meet.com/), or other [meeting schedule apps](https://zapier.com/blog/best-meeting-scheduler-apps/) to 
```

Reviewer: Adding written notes chapter

In _The Turing Way_ coworking calls, we find it useful to use breakout rooms when there are many people working in small groups or if some people need more discussions, while others want to quietly work on their tasks.
- facilitate shared notes with participants before, during and after the call, so that they can keep track of useful resources or ideas they discuss during the coworking call.

(ch-coworking-organisation-logistics-chair)=
### 3. Chairing Responsibilities

> * **Check-in**: Begin with a short general check-in with folks (how they are doing).

Reviewer: Suggested alternate wording
```suggestion
* **Check-in**: Begin with a short general check-in (verbal or written) with folks joining the call
```

* **Managing Breakout/Pomodoro Session**: Ask folks what specific task or group they are working on.
    * Only hosts and co-hosts can make [breakout rooms](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.html#ch-coworking-collabcafe-breakout) using the instruction listed under [Create breakout rooms](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/206476313-Managing-breakout-rooms).

>     * Use the online/shared timer to set the timer for the first breakout room -- we use the Cuckoo Clock: [](https://cuckoo.team/tw-coworking). Each pomodoro session lasts for 15-20 mins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Use the online/shared timer to set the timer for the first breakout room -- we use the Cuckoo Clock: [https://cuckoo.team/tw-coworking](https://cuckoo.team/tw-coworking). Each pomodoro session lasts for 15-20 mins.
```

>     * Before opening the Breakout Room, remind attendees of the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Open the breakout room and hit start on the shared timer!

Author: ```suggestion
    * Before opening the Breakout Room, remind attendees of the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Open the breakout room and hit start on the shared timer!
```

    * 1 min before the Pomodoro session ends, broadcast to everyone that you will be closing rooms - follow instructions for how to [broadcast a message to all breakout rooms](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/8550395207693-Sharing-screen-and-broadcasting-to-breakout-rooms).
* **Ending Pomodoro**: Close the breakout room at the end of the Pomodoro session and bring people back in the room. Do a quick report out asking folks if there is anything they would like to report on - or if they have any questions that others can help with.
* **Break**: Create a 5 mins break for everyone using the cuckoo clock.

> * Repeat the breakout instructions for the second breakout - the second Pomodoro might be shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Repeat the breakout instructions for the next breakout - the second, third, or fourth Pomodoro might be shorter.
* For coworking sessions longer than one hour, we do not close the breakout rooms between every session. 
    * For the first two sessions, in between each pomodoro, the facilitator sends a verbal broadcast or written message to encourage a 5min break.
    * After the second pomodoro, usually at the top of the hour, we will take a longer break (10min) before repeated the structure.
```

Reviewer: Added suggested worded at top of hour
